= XmppNotifier

I wrote this plugin to work with github's webhook service. It listens for 
a post request on '/' and notifies either a Jabber server or Yammer

The main configuration file is config/config.yml. You must edit this file before
anything.

One usage I have for this is with Github's webhook service
I point the webhook to this application and watch the commit messages
come through.

If running this application as standalone, use rake start
This will start the application and listen on port 9292. You may wish to proxy it
with Apache, lighthttp or Ningx, your choice.

== Using Jabber

To get Jabber working just edit config/config.yml, set the service
to jabber and populate the jabber_recipients arrays with the receiving
email addresses

This assumes that you have a jabber server already working. 

Start the application and enjoy.

== Using Yammer

To be able to use it with Yammer, you'll need to create tokens and have the 
application authorized in your Yammer network. I've included a script that 
will make the token creation process easier. Here are the step by step instructions 
to have your application authorized and tokens created.

1. First we edit config/config.yml and set the service to "yammer" (no quotes)

2. Go to this link and get your key and secret https://www.yammer.com/client_applications/new

3. Edit o_auth_example.rb and entered your consumer_key and secret_key.

4. ruby o_auth_example.rb request_token
You'll get something like this:
{"oauth_token_secret"=>"gGrldPFoa3kIr6Kz7C4DQe0hUxXFWQ24Qim1c48MC4",
"oauth_callback_confirmed"=>"true",
"oauth_token"=>"W9XroyIS6ZePW7qD8kAh5g"}

5. Open browser to https://www.yammer.com/oauth/authorize?oauth_token=W9XroyIS6ZePW7qD8kAh5g
Get back verifier code 1234

6 ruby o_auth_example.rb access_token W9XroyIS6ZePW7qD8kAh5g gGrldPFoa3kIr6Kz7C4DQe0hUxXFWQ24Qim1c48MC4 123
{"oauth_token_secret"=>"y7QP8oUq9NUpXmBs1q727SSqlX0EBzxmuEavbU7YA",
"oauth_token"=>"OuSqrNQWQVm1LHHmNfmmg"}
That's your oauth_token and secret

7. Open oauth.yml and enter your key/secret from step 1 and token/secret from step 5

8. Start the server with rake start

9. Wait for someone to commit ;-)

== Dependencies
Bundler
Ruby 1.9.x
